So the first thing we're going to do is
I would like to create a new folder just
called Hooks.
As in here, I'm going to create
a new file called UseListings.tsx.
Now I'm just going to move the data that
we have here that stateful data over to
this Hook.
So I can do export defaults
function used listings.
So here I'm just going to
import react real quick and
then here I'm just going to return
actually just return a data.
Could have called it listings but
I'll just call it data.
So now we can use this Hook
throughout our application.
So let's see instead of here,
Let's see, where am I getting prompts?
Did I just have it or not?
You're here, so instead I'm
going to do like presentational.
Or actually I'll just use it
from Duterte listings instead.
There are just multiple ways to do it but
I'm just gonna do it here for
a reason naturally I'll do it here
sorry about that and for us listings
from Hooks use listings hopefully I
imported from the right folder here.
Okay.
Now for example if you say use
listings is used listings we can pass
the props here again so
listings live listings, listings, but
this time cuz now it's still
using that like container.
I don't want that.
I just want to have this one so
I'm going to import listings
from the presentational one.
Listings from presentational,
let's use listings,
because I'm passing listings here and
it's data
Let's see, where am I using listings and
other find?
>> Give for deep construct
the object return from listings?
>> Let's see.
>> An app the app.
>> Let's see what's going on here.
Well, it says it's not defined.
So normally that's like
whenever you have a variable on
line 14 that's always a fun one.
>> Can you need to wait for
it to come back.
>> Here, it returns the data where in
the app component, you are taking assets.
>> So
we have to make sure this makes sense.
So in here, we again have to make sure
that there are listings available because
normally, we are like,
if there is no data,
then render nothing,
if there is data then, render something.
That's right, I forgot about that.
So return no.
>> So then yeah, I think we have to return
to call it listings you'd have to say
listings dot listings.
>> Gotcha.
Okay.
All right.
Sorry, [LAUGH] it is late or
at least late.
Yes, I had to destructure
it sorry about that.
Well, I mean, I could either say like
return data or just returned data listings
and then yeah you get it,
you get it just the structuring thing.
Yeah.
So this is how you could use a hook we can
either use it here in app or we could use
the directly in the listings component
here and the presentational components.
Which in most cases because like here an
app up probably have way more components.
So you probably don't wanna use the hook
up here because every time listing changes
every time we re-render the page all
the components will get re rendered.
So we could have done like listings,
maybe useless things like in here.
And then again we have to say like
if no listings then return no or
that nice little loading
spinner that we had before.
But then here we can actually
just remove this we don't
need this anymore then we
just need to import the hook.
And listings here so
import us listings from
hooks us listings we
again have to destructure
it I guess, Listings.Listings.map.
Okay, there you go.
So, in this case, you can see that we can
easily create modularized components that
all use that listings data.
Now we could use this hook anywhere,
our code that maybe also
needs this listings data.
Yeah, this is just a nice way to easily,
I don't know, have stateful logic,
in this case of fetch.
And the nice thing also about Hooks
is just for this specific example,
when I'm fetching data, I usually
like to use something called SWR,
I'm wondering if I can,
actually already imported it.
This is a really nice like fetching
library that also use Hooks.
So I can use import like use SWR from SWR,
and for example, I could do like
data error loading, or actually I
think it's just data error right now.
They just updated their API is used SWR.
And then this and
then you just need to add some
fetcher logic with a certain fetcher.
I always forget that,
like here goes to fetcher.
So the next thing that we see here
is that the community can create so
many Hooks that and again, so
this is actually using the same data now.
Not as SWR is actually also adding some
fetching logic like stale while revalidate
it automatically caches the response.
So instead of like calling it on every
render, we just get it from cash first,
if it hasn't been invalidated yet
all that stuff.
But I just wanted to show you this,
because, I think there's even the website
called like React Hooks or something.
Okay, I should have looked this up first,
I don't know it's a website.
And you just have like this library of so
many Hooks that like the community used
and you can use it for so
many different use cases so
instead of thinking like how can I add
the stateful logic to my component in
a performant way you could just import
them from like NPM in your node modules.
So it makes stuff a lot easier and
like it's kind of like a plug in, plug and
play architecture almost.
Yeah, anyway that was it on Hooks.
Now to, are there any questions so
far on Hooks are good?
Perfect.
>> Person just said they renamed Hooks.
Rename the Hook to use data
>> Use data instead of, instead of what?
>> Use listings.
>> Got you, okay.
Yeah, you can use any name as
long as it starts with use.
I mean, yeah.
If my state was called data like at here,
I mean, I could have said like listings,
set listings, return listings I'd like
to use us listings if had like data, so
data return data, so use data.
I like to kind of keep that
in sync with the state,
I'm setting what's the name of the state?
What's the date I'm returning?
But, yeah, that's all up to you.
>> I was just thinking about
the example we did for
the higher order components
with the loader.
>> Yeah.
>> And
I'm just thinking about like,
how that would convert to Hooks or
like how you would combine
it with what we just did.
>> Yeah.
>> With use listings.
>> I mean one thing that we could do
here is I don't know if I have that
little component but
what we could do is maybe have another
state here called like const loading,
set loading or something.
And then we can say like if loading,
loading I don't have that state right now
so to throw an error but turn like
we're loading spinner or something.
>> So
I'm gonna just link to use Hooks.com.
>> Yeah, use Hooks.com, exactly I knew.
Yeah, so this is the one I use so
many times for
like the smaller things like use toggle.
You can see all those,
I like how they used Hooks in this case.
There's also some, some for
like NPM libraries or
note modules that you can just import.
But these are really good examples
of how you can use Hooks or
if you ever just need,
I don't know anything that's listed here.
Let's see, like use off the use event
listener and this one's really useful.
I usually also use like use local
storage and all that stuff.
Use why did you update?
Yeah, so you're gonna be super creative
with Hooks, which is really fun.